Facility Prefixes As Used in Procedure Names
Note: the first three (or sometimes four) characters of a procedure name are used to 
indicate the facility of a run-time library (RTL) procedure.
	- STR$APPEND -> Facility Prefix for String Manipulation Procedures
	- BAS$STRING -> Facility Prefix for BASIC−Specific Support Procedures
	
Rules to Create a Facility Name:
		You can create your own facilities by defining a unique facility name and facility
	number. The name for your facility should be a unique name between 1 and 27
	characters. Facility names supplied by Compaq all contain a dollar sign ( $ ) after
	the prefix. User-supplied facility names should use an underscore ( _ ) rather than
	a dollar sign ( $ ) to avoid any name conflicts.

		The facility number is used in defining condition values for the facility. Bit 27
	(STS$V_CUST_DEF) of a condition value indicates whether the value is supplied
	by Compaq or by the user. This bit must be 1 if the facility number is created
	by the user. For more information, use the Help Message utility (MSGHLP) to
	access online descriptions of system messages from the DCL ($) prompt. For
	more information about using MSGHLP, refer to the OpenVMS System Messages:
	Companion Guide for Help Message Users.
	
Thums up rules:
		When you create a procedure and make its name global, you allow other
	procedures in the same image to call that procedure
	
	The rules for naming entry points to procedures have the following general form:
	• fac$symbol (Compaq supplied)
	• fac_symbol (user-supplied)
	
	where:
	fac is a two- to four-character facility name.
	symbol is a symbol from 1 to 27 characters long. (The entire procedure name may
	not exceed 31 characters in length.)
	
	Some procedures, even though they have global names, are not intended to be
	called from outside the facility in which they are located. These procedures are
	only available internally, within a set of procedures, and do not by themselves
	provide any functionality for the facility. The names for these procedures contain
	a double dollar sign ( $$ ) if they are supplied by Compaq or a triple underscore
	( _ __ __ ) if they are supplied by the user. (Three underscores are necessary to 
	avoid conflict with user-defined condition value symbols, which use two underscores.)
	
	Status Code and Condition Value Naming Conventions (Required)
	The format of status codes and condition values is as follows:
	• fac$_status (Compaq supplied)
	• fac_ _status (user-supplied)
	
	
NOTE: (For information about the procedures available in the Run-Time Library, see the 
OpenVMS Programming Concepts Manual.)

NOTE2:For more information about creating libraries and shareable images,
 use the guidelines in the OpenVMS Linker Utility Manual